# ePortfolio

## Description

I chose 1 artifact to enhance for my ePortfolio. he artifact that I chose is a text-based game called “Shape Monster Game,” which I originally created in 2022 during my IT-145 class using Python on Pycharm. The game is designed for children to help them practice reading by collecting shapes in different classrooms while avoiding the Shape Monster. The point of the game is to gather the shapes and return to the main office without meeting the running into the monster. The game is simple and educational, but it made a great project to show my coding skills.  
I chose to include the Shape Monster Game in my ePortfolio because it shows my technical skills, creativity, and my ability to create educational tools. By this point in my enhancements, I have converted the game from Python to C++ for the first category, used linked lists, and hash tables for the second category, and have added a to-do list and menu that allows me to use CRUD operations to create, read, update, and delete within the list for the third category. I have also used more advanced concepts such as OOP and added the Game class for better flow within the game. 
hen I modified the Shape Monster Game to have database functionalities, I learned how important structuring data is. The biggest challenge that I faced was making sure that the to-do list was user-friendly and allowed the users to interact with the database.  I tested over and over with my son and realized that I needed to create a menu in order to use the to-do list to during the game play. It worked great after several tests. This process helped me improve my problem-solving skills and provided knowledge on integrating database functionalities in a software project. 
